DOCS-8391-HTTP-1.5-TOC-k (#877)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: http/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/http-connector-examples.adoc

= HTTP Connector Examples - Mule 4
:keywords: anypoint, connectors, transports

> To get full advantage of Anypoint Connector for HTTP (HTTP Connector), check the following examples that help you to configure the connector both in Anypoint Studio and Design Center.

Reviewer: The U.S. English idiom is "to take advantage of".
Consider...:
```suggestion
To fully benefit from using Anypoint Connector for HTTP (HTTP Connector), see the following examples of configuring the connector both in Anypoint Studio and Design Center.
```
OR
```suggestion
To take full advantage of the functionality of Anypoint Connector for HTTP (HTTP Connector), see the following examples of configuring the connector both in Anypoint Studio and Design Center.
```

> == HTTP Connector Studio Examples

Reviewer 2: If all the examples are in Studio, probably don't need to mention Studio in the title of this section.

Reviewer 2: Is there a corresponding topic like this only the examples are in Design Center?

Author: Yes, they are at the following section of this page called:
== HTTP Connector Design Center Examples

Reviewer 2: Oh, haha I totally missed that! :-)

> The following examples help you to configure the connector in Anypoint Studio:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples illustrate how to configure the connector in Anypoint Studio:
```

* xref:http-start-app-brows-task.adoc[Start an App from a Browser] +
Configure the HTTP Listener operation to start an app from a browser.
* xref:http-consume-web-svc-task.adoc[Consume a REST Service] +
Configure both the HTTP Listener and HTTP Request operations to consume a REST service.
* xref:http-load-static-res-task.adoc[Load a Static Resource] +
Configure both the HTTP Listener and HTTP Load Static Resource operations to load a static resource.
* xref:http-conn-route-diff-paths-task.adoc[Route HTTP Requests to Different Paths] +
Configure the HTTP Listener operation and Logger component to route HTTP requests to different paths.
*  xref:http-route-methods-based-task.adoc[Route Requests Based on HTTP Method] +
Configure the HTTP Listener to route requests based on HTTP methods.
* xref:http-post-form-task.adoc[Post a Form] +

> Configure the HTTP Listener, Choice router and Set Payload components to post a form by sending HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the HTTP Listener, Choice Router, and Set Payload components to post a form by sending HTTP requests.
```

*  xref:http-error-status-reason-phrase-task.adoc[Set HTTP Error Status and Reason] +

> Configure the HTTP Listener operation, and Validation Module, Set Payload and Error Handler components to set the error status code and reason phrase for a user login validation request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the HTTP Listener operation and the Validation Module, Set Payload, and Error Handler components to set the error status code and reason phrase for a user login validation request.
```

== HTTP Connector Design Center Examples

> The following examples help you to configure the connector in Design Center:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples illustrate how to configure the connector in Design Center:
```

* xref:http-trigger-app-from-browser.adoc[Start an App from a Browser] +

> Configure in Design Center the HTTP Listener operation to start an app from a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Design Center to configure the HTTP Listener operation to start an app from a browser.
```

* xref:http-consume-web-service.adoc[Consume a REST Service] +

> Configure in Design Center both the HTTP Listener and HTTP Request operations to consume a REST service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Design Center to configure both the HTTP Listener and HTTP Request operations to consume a REST service.
```

* xref:http-create-https-listener.adoc[Create an HTTPS Listener] +

> Configure in Design Center the HTTP Listener secured by TLS 1.2 to start an app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Design Center to configure the HTTP Listener secured by TLS 1.2 to start an app.
```

* xref:http-basic-auth-task.adoc[Set Up Basic Authentication] +

> Configure in Design Center the HTTP Listener and HTTP Request operations, and the Basic authentication, to provide a user name and password when making a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Design Center to configure the HTTP Listener and HTTP Request operations and the Basic authentication to provide a user name and password when making a request.
```
